So far we have the pages for the sign up and homepage, but let's add two more pages.
We will have login and user page.
Login page will be just like sign up, but the user page will have dynamic path.
So there is a difference when we are going to define the routing for the user page.
Again, we are going to start with the testing, but before adding the test for these new pages, let's
refactor the test in the app component.
So we are having a repeating test at the moment and in the the gist version, we go with it each just
like this and let's do the same thing here as well.
But this Jasmine test is not supporting the dynamic test and we come up with the solution like here
in the sign up component, we had this solution like we have the array of the, the variables of our
tests and we were basically looping in that area and passing those to the test function.
So let's do something like that one.
So we will have, let's say, the test cases and it's going to be an array and we will have the path.
We are using the path here.
These are the changing paths and we also have the the test ID part.
So we have the PED and and we will have page ID and for root path we have the home page and for.
Sign up.
We are querying the sign up page and let's.
A loop in this array cases for each and
we are going to let's move this one of this test into this this for each function so we will take the
values like we can use object structuring.
So we take the pattern page ID then here we are going to use those in the test.
Like we are going to navigate to this pad and we are going to query this test ID, but we are going
to.
Used the back Texas strength drills so just moving it into tactics and the page ID, so we are creating
the page ID and we are navigating to this part.
Let's also update the test description here.
So we will again having back takes it displays the see the page ID when pat is.
Pat.
So we don't need this one anymore.
So just do the thing and let's move the karma to the front and let's save this one to make sure nothing
is broken.
And here we see the tests are passing.
Now we are going to add the pages and let's start with the login page.
So the test will be like this login and the URL will be looking and the test ID will be login page.
So saving this one.
So this is failing because at the moment we don't have any routing path for this URL and also we don't
have this test ID, we don't have any components having this test ID, so let's create the component
first.
So here in the terminal, creating the component with the angular CLI again.
So we're running in G, G for generate and C for component.
And the component name is going to be log in and let's, let's again exclude the CSS file by adding
this inline style command.
So hitting enter.
So this is creating the looking compound, the external looking compound, spectators and looking compound.
Yes.
And also it is updating the app module to include the the logging component in the declarations.
Now let's open the logging component.
So this is the template part and we are going to update this one to include the test IDs.
So we can just copy the content of the home component here.
And let's change this to the login page and let's also update the header.
So this is the log in page and we need to use this component in the the app router module here.
So we, we need to set the pattern relevant component for that path.
So here the path is going to be logging in this, this path definitions, we don't need to add the forward
slash, so we are just going to log in and as a component it's going to be displaying log in component.
So when the path is logging, it's going to be showing the logging component, saving this one.
And he received the test is passing.
By the way, you may be wondering why the test is passing.
Even we didn't declare the the component like here in the test module, we didn't declare the log in
component, but we had declared the sign up component and the home component.
The the difference is like we can also just remove the component from here.
So let's save this one.
So the test case is for displaying the home page is working.
But if we remove the sign up component.
That test is failing because the the sign up component is dependant onto the different modules and that
is basically causing the failure we are seeing here.
So just adding each response into the declarations so we know what we are dependent on the on in this
test setup later, if we have dependencies in the log in component, then the tests are right here.
The component tests will be failing because we didn't declare the logging component here.
So just saving like this.
And here we see the tests are passing.
Now let's add the second page and again opening the console and this one is going to be in g, g generate
C component and the component name will be user.
And again, going with the inline style.
So the component is created.
And again, let's have a test before before doing anything here.
So at this time we will have a dynamic URL's like we will have a path like user one to be showing user
page and we will also have a value like this user to solve the, the, this part is dynamic.
And basically this is the idea of each user.
So we will be using this ID in the user page to load that user's data from back end.
So that's why we we need an identifier in this URL.
So we have this, this path.
So let's say this one.
And let's open the user component again.
Lets copy the content of either login or home.
Basically this is going to be having this test ID and this is going to be the user page content and
we will.
Added This is a component to the app router and the definition for the path.
Having the dynamic attribute is going to be like this.
So we have pad and the path is starting with the user.
Then for Slash, then we have the dynamic part and the dynamic part is like this.
We can give whatever name we want, but it must be starting with Colon.
So this is the.
Configuration, let's say this one.
So this is the routing configuration.
And here we see the tests are passing so we can test this one on browser as well.
So here going to log in page.
Here we have here we see the log in page and if we go to the user, let's say one, this is user one
user page.
And if you go to user two, this is also displaying the user page.
And normally I add the just test in different lectures, but let's do that in this one as well.
So the terminal is here, let's open the app component.
Just yes.
So adding the the path for this is the login login page and we have user one since user page and we
have user two.
And this is also user page that saved us since the implementation is there, we are expecting this test
to pass.
And here we see the tests are passing.